via official Instagram Fanny when y'all
I'm excited
guess why well you probably know why I
guess you read the title of the video
but if you don't I got my week today I
got my wig today I've never ever in my
life Morna week I don't know nothing
about weight 7 what I've seen on YouTube
so this is exciting this week is from
hair be be calm I saw a lot of reviews
on this particular wig and this
particular company I actually have so
stuff to say I got some stuff to say so
get ready there's the door I'm about to
open it we're about to get the wig it's
about to go down it's really happening
guys it's really happening
I'm about to turn into an Instagram
baddie on you guys like literally the
most honest of you ever I saw a lotta
reviews on this hair company but I also
noticed that a lot of them were either
paid to do it or it was sent to them or
all that type of stuff you know where I
brought it bought this with my own money
let me show you how much it cost it was
one hundred and forty-four dollars I got
a discount color off of somebody's
YouTube video that I watched her name is
tiara and it took $15 off $15 really
ain't that much but hey they also say
that if you do a YouTube video Facebook
or Instagram they will give you $20 cash
back so I guess that's what happened
with a lot of people that gave you this
cute little card pretty high quality
look at that reflection okay we'll read
that later I don't care about that they
give you a wig cap you know I am on the
brighter side not quite sure if I'm who
that bright I do have melanin to me but
we will see what that is like oh is that
a rat tail comb okay now I needed
another rat tail that's the good one
with the silver tip that's nice okay and
they give you two clips
so let's check out the actual hair shall
we so on the inside there are clips I
will count how many and then there's an
adjustable strap I'm ready I'm ready to
start this week like y'all I am ready I
got the box right here papa go hammer
smash this ponytail out real quick like
so we can get it crack-a-lackin' so I'm
officially looking lunchlady certified
you know yes let's get started okay
let's put the wig I know I'm talking
enough y'all want to see what the legs
look like thorns okay so I'm back this
is what it looks like I have two in the
middle part right now uh it's a free
part so you can induce that part that's
that part little part whatever I cut the
lace as close as I couldn't get it right
off the back I could tell you all that
this hair is extremely soft like it
feels like I'm touching a freaking cloud
right now like what the hey this is the
Indian hair I'm having so much trouble
with getting it into a side part like I
think you have to flat iron it down or
brush it down or something but I'm
struggling I like them to side part but
I'm struggling hey guys I'll pull some
personal here so I just wanted to show
y'all like what the heart looks like and
but they be here is and stuff like that
so this is the part and the baby here's
are a little bit long but I'll see you
have to cut them you can actually part
it all the way back and this is where
the uh the cat is right now so obviously
that's a little bit lighter than what I
want so I would definitely recommend
getting a black one it will look a lot
better what it looks like yeah it looks
really natural um I would use that it
got to be blue or whatever to glue the
lace down what do y'all think
yes no thinking yes I'm thinking yes all
right here is where I had an issue
so today is September 12 I ordered this
hair August the second all gifts the
second a customer service it's
ridiculous like it's awful it's
literally the worst customer service
I've ever had in my life I emailed these
people at least 20 times at least and
their chat when your website doesn't
work I tried to do a little online chat
what nobody signed me up sitting talking
to myself
I did get ahold of them they were like
oh we're so sorry for your inconvenience
you'll get your hair soon so soon I
can't look on a calendar and say oh here
it is
I'll get right here I'll get it soon no
I need to know an exact data so I can
you know plan my life before me what I
want to wear this hair out Sawyer and I
had a surgery Ben I wouldn't be able to
get it cuz I wouldn't know when someone
is then I looked at a lot of different
youtubers I'm with this particular wig
saying oh it's a great wig they shipped
it to me and I got it in five days if
they stick it to you so obviously
they're going to send it back extremely
fast so they can get a good review I
paid for this with my own money I bought
it and it took forever and I'm sorry I
keep doing this but I taught my struggle
with the park y'all so they actually
give you two way caps even though it's
not like necessarily my color I'll
probably get a black wig cap if you were
to get this wig or unless you're you
know the color of the way captain do you
but even my color it ain't working
definitely get the black one who's
thanks to me but what I do love about
this hair like breath it plucked that
hairline for you they bleach them nice
for you I don't know how to do another
bag so I can literally just take the
week off the Box slap it on my head and
head out the stuff well you know I might
need to party and comb it a little bit
but I ain't gonna
been like a power trying to get the cut
right or get all this up cuz I don't
know I don't know this way is extremely
secure if somebody come try to snatch a
legal girl is not going nowhere it's not
going nowhere
actually if someone snatch away cup
that's some disrespectful so they need
to get snatched up themselves that's not
right I will say this comb this comb is
probably the best home I've ever
received in life like I love it I didn't
like go ahead and coming go ahead and
subscribe I'll wait you did it cool bye
guys
I didn't chop tell me that week's was so
high like dang let's go feel like it's
sweating sweltering y'all have some
questions if you want to know hey girl
tell me a little bit more about this
week I got you put in the comment
section I got you I will respond to you
if you want to know like the website
it's in the league it's in the it's in
the thing you know the description box
it's where it is so here are some videos
of me flexing because you know I had to
just